Hello and welcome back to the course on Python programming.
In today's tutorial we're going to quickly recap on what we learned in the section.
So in this section we learned number one types of variables so we talked about the four main types I
would be working with in Python.
And those were the integer the float the boolean and the string.
Now the integer float are important because they allow us to conduct mathematic operations and do numeration
and the string variable is also an important tie because it allows us to store textual data and any
kind of information in the form of text.
And of course the boolean variables are also very important because they allow us to work with things
like loops and conditional statements and basically evaluate logical expressions.
All right.
Then we talked about using variables we had a look at a few examples how we can perform some of the
mathematic operations how we can concatenate strings and do some basic operations where boolean or logical
variables.
Then we talked about the logical variables and operators in a bit more depth.
We looked at the different types of operators that exist in Python and how they're different to other
programming languages.
So remember their THAT AND OR and NOT are actually spelt out as words and rather than as the ampersands
or the vertical pipe symbols.
And also we had some EQ we perform some experiments with the logical variables and so how they work
how they are applied in practice.
Then we talked about the while loop that which was our first introduction to loops.
Also in this tutorial we compared how the while loop looks in Python in other programming languages
and we discussed the differences between Python and are that Python is not a vectorize programming language
and therefore there will be quite a heavy load on loops and you might find yourself working with them
quite a lot.
So it's important to know how they are structured.
They talked about the for loop and we saw how we can use the range function to create ranges for us
for loops and also in both these tutorials we notice that the syntax in Python is different to other
languages in the sense that indentation is important.
We talked about the if elif and else statements we looked at how to nest them how to chain them.
So it was quite involved and we learned quite a bit.
And finally we learned how to generate random variables using the rand function from the number pi package
.
So there was quite a large section and those were the basics of programming.
And wherever you go from here even if you decide to move to a different approach or expand your expertise
by learning another programming language a lot of these things are going to be very very similar.
So it is very useful that we have covered them off and don't forget to do the quiz.
It will help you solidify the knowledge that you gained in the section of course.
Elop next.
Until then I'd be coding